README.md, before:

# Vocabulary Cracker
A key logger that tracks how often you use words, letting you sort it and filter out common words to see what your vocabulary is like. 

This project is split into two main parts, the first of which is "VCCore". This will be a background process that, similarly to a key logger, will track and register key presses and use that data to track what words you use. From there VCCore will record that data and store it. This is where the second part of Vocabulary Cracker comes in, that being internally named "VCApp". This is a seperate program that will retrieve the data and display it. On top of that VCApp allows you to configure VCCore in how it functions. 

## Current TODO
- Continue adding functionality to the UserDataManager class to allow it to read from the dictionary file and display that in the main application

## Base level features (COMPLETED)
Base level features are features that Vocabulary Cracker needs to contain to meet its first milestone. These features alone won't make it ready for a version 1 release but they are a large step. Of course, having these features by no means make this project complete, we still need to impliment the CRUD options and ideally all of the advanced features but having these base level features are a large step in the process.

### VCCore:
- Read individual key presses while running
- Get list of dictionary words from file
- Process individual key presses and interpret them as words
- Compare interpreted words to list of dictionary words
- Store what and how many words in an output file

### VCApp:
- Read what and how many words from backend’s output file
- Display a list of used words and their used amount in a table
- Sort table based on either word count or amount used

## CRUD Operations (IN PROGRESS)
The plan for implementing CRUD operations in this program is to, atleast before getting to advanced features, allow users to read from our word list, add custom words to it (used if people want to track use of “XD” for example), update words in the list and delete words from the list. Once the CRUD operations have been implimented, Vocabulary Cracker will be ready for its first release. These operations will have no effect on VCCore

### VCApp:
- Create new entries to the dictionary file by adding new words
- Read and parse the dictionary file for use within the program
- Update the dictionary file to edit words and spelling
- Delete words from the dictionary file
- Display the content of the dictionary file with a search bar

## Advanced features
Advanced features are features that can be added at any point after the base release.

### VCCore:
- Test speeds of saving data to file on disc, if too slow use multithreading to create a keylogging thread and a saving threat
- Research into and apply optimisation for comparing dictionary and interpretted words
- Add logging of what and how many words were typed daily
- Change Logging to binary files as apposed to txt files

### VCApp:
- Calculate a Vocab score based on used word length and measure it on a scale of basic to smart to pretentious
- Bulk adding words to the dictionary by allowing the app to read from user inputted text files
- Allow users to be able to also view their daily stats which, after enough time, could show how speech patterns change
- Allow users to make vocabulary goals, an example being using less swear words or using more long words

## Notes
Thanks to @dwyl for creating the word list I am using, you can find their github page here https://github.com/dwyl/english-words

Commit message:

Added the dictionary view tab
I've added relevant functions to the user data manager class and I've integrated the functionality to the main application. It still needs work and will be the focus for a bit longer

README.md, after:

# Vocabulary Cracker
A key logger that tracks how often you use words, letting you sort it and filter out common words to see what your vocabulary is like. 

This project is split into two main parts, the first of which is "VCCore". This will be a background process that, similarly to a key logger, will track and register key presses and use that data to track what words you use. From there VCCore will record that data and store it. This is where the second part of Vocabulary Cracker comes in, that being internally named "VCApp". This is a seperate program that will retrieve the data and display it. On top of that VCApp allows you to configure VCCore in how it functions. 

## Current TODO
- Make the dictionary view split results into multiple pages using the same method reguardless if its a search result or if its just the default view

## Base level features (COMPLETED)
Base level features are features that Vocabulary Cracker needs to contain to meet its first milestone. These features alone won't make it ready for a version 1 release but they are a large step. Of course, having these features by no means make this project complete, we still need to impliment the CRUD options and ideally all of the advanced features but having these base level features are a large step in the process.

### VCCore:
- Read individual key presses while running
- Get list of dictionary words from file
- Process individual key presses and interpret them as words
- Compare interpreted words to list of dictionary words
- Store what and how many words in an output file

### VCApp:
- Read what and how many words from backend’s output file
- Display a list of used words and their used amount in a table
- Sort table based on either word count or amount used

## CRUD Operations (IN PROGRESS)
The plan for implementing CRUD operations in this program is to, atleast before getting to advanced features, allow users to read from our word list, add custom words to it (used if people want to track use of “XD” for example), update words in the list and delete words from the list. Once the CRUD operations have been implimented, Vocabulary Cracker will be ready for its first release. These operations will have no effect on VCCore

### VCApp:
- Create new entries to the dictionary file by adding new words
- Read and parse the dictionary file for use within the program
- Update the dictionary file to edit words and spelling
- Delete words from the dictionary file
- Display the content of the dictionary file with a search bar

## Advanced features
Advanced features are features that can be added at any point after the base release.

### VCCore:
- Test speeds of saving data to file on disc, if too slow use multithreading to create a keylogging thread and a saving threat
- Research into and apply optimisation for comparing dictionary and interpretted words
- Add logging of what and how many words were typed daily
- Change Logging to binary files as apposed to txt files

### VCApp:
- Calculate a Vocab score based on used word length and measure it on a scale of basic to smart to pretentious
- Bulk adding words to the dictionary by allowing the app to read from user inputted text files
- Allow users to be able to also view their daily stats which, after enough time, could show how speech patterns change
- Allow users to make vocabulary goals, an example being using less swear words or using more long words

## Notes
Thanks to @dwyl for creating the word list I am using, you can find their github page here https://github.com/dwyl/english-words
